Welcome to Securing Networks.
Now that you know about defense in depth, NIST,
and the principle of least privilege,
we can start applying these principles to networks and systems.
This lesson on system security is quite the busy lesson.
If you recall from the previous lesson,
security is a layered proposition;
prevent, detect, and respond.
We'll cover portions of all three components in this lesson.
We'll begin with the different types of
firewalls and how to create a basic firewall rule.
We'll take a look at best practices for securing enterprise wireless.
Then we'll learn about intrusion detection systems and intrusion protection systems,
including running a basic IDS signature.
We'll close this lesson out with a look at Securing
Windows and Linux systems. Let's get started.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6